“I've come to believe that all my past failure and frustrations were actually laying the foundation for the understandings that have created the new level of living I now enjoy.” - Anthony Robbins
“Give yourself a chance, Give yourself the moment, Give yourself the freedom, Give yourself the power, Give yourself the confidence, Live for today not for tomorrow, Live the EXTREME !!!!!!!  Because you got yourself only one life... LIVE IT !!!!” - Anonymous
“You and I are essentially infinite choice-makers. In every moment of our existence, we are in that field of all possibilities where we have access to an infinity of choices.” - Deepak Chopra
“You will never possess what you are unwilling to pursue.” - Mike Murdock
“Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so you shall become. Your vision is the promise of what you shall one day be; your ideal is the prophecy of what you shall at last unveil.” - James Allen
“Dance as if no one’s watching, Love as if it’s never going to hurt. Failure is simply the opportunity
to begin again, this time more intelligently.” Henry Ford
“Be strong enough to stand alone. Smart enough to know when you need help.
And Brave enough to ask for it(help).” - Anonymous
“Success is never permanent. Failure is never final. So always do not stop effort until your victory makes a history. Good luck.” - Anonymous
“Water is the softest thing, yet it can penetrate mountains and earth. This shows clearly the principle of softness overcoming hardness.” - Anonymous
“Successful people make money. It's not that people who make money become successful, but that successful people attract money. They bring success to what they do.” - Wayne Dyer
“Cherish your visions and your dreams, as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.” - Napoleon Hill
“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.” - Eleanor Roosevelt
“Everything that is happening at this moment is a result of the choices you've made in the past.” - Deepak Chopra
“Hard work beats talent, When talent doesn't work hard.” - Tim notke
“Three simple rules in life If you do not GO after what you want, You will never have it. If you do not ASK, the answer will always be NO. If you do not step FORWARD, you will always be in the same place.” - Anonymous
“When Life Seems To Put Out Every Light You Have, It Is Better to Light A Candle, Than To Complain About The Darkness.” - Anonymous
“We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.” -Albert Einstein
“The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.” -Albert Einstein
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” -Albert Einstein
“Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.” -Albert Einstein
“Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters.” -Albert Einstein
“The only source of knowledge is experience.” -Albert Einstein
“Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.” -Albert Einstein
“It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.” -Albert Einstein
“Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.” -Albert Einstein
“A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.” - Albert Einstein
“It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.” - Albert Einstein
“Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.” - Albert Einstein
“Pure mathematics is, in its way, the poetry of logical ideas.” -  Albert Einstein
“Joy in looking and comprehending is nature's most beautiful gift.” -Albert Einstein
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” -Theodore Roosevelt 
“Speak softly and carry a big stick; you will go far.” -Theodore Roosevelt 
“Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.” -Theodore Roosevelt 
“It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed”. -Theodore Roosevelt 
“Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.” -Theodore Roosevelt 
“The only man who never makes a mistake is the man who never does anything.” -Theodore Roosevelt 
“Believe you can and you're halfway there.” -Theodore Roosevelt 
“Whenever you are asked if you can do a job, tell 'em, 'Certainly I can!' Then get busy and find out how to do it.” -Theodore Roosevelt 
“A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car; but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad.” -Theodore Roosevelt 
“I keep my ideals, because in spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart.“ -Anne Frank
“How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.” -Anne Frank
“Whoever is happy will make others happy too.” -Anne Frank
“I don't think of all the misery, but of all the beauty that still remains.” -Anne Frank
“Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy”. -Anne Frank
“Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.” -Anne Frank
“No one has ever become poor by giving.” -Anne Frank
“We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.” -Anne Frank
“Whoever doesn't know it must learn and find by experience that 'a quiet conscience makes one strong!” -Anne Frank
“Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction.” -Anne Frank
“Whatever you are, be a good one.”-Abraham Lincoln 
“Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.” -Abraham Lincoln 
“Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves.” -Abraham Lincoln 
“Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose.” -Yoda
“Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering.” - Yoda
“Death is a natural part of life. Rejoice for those around you who transform into the Force. Mourn them do not. Miss them do not. Attachment leads to jealously. The shadow of greed, that is.”– Yoda
“Always pass on what you have learned.”– Yoda
“You will know (the good from the bad) when you are calm, at peace. Passive. A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack.”– Yoda
“PATIENCE YOU MUST HAVE my young padawan”– Yoda
“In a dark place we find ourselves, and a little more knowledge lights our way.”– Yoda
“If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants.” -Isaac Newton
“I can calculate the motion of heavenly bodies, but not the madness of people.” -Isaac Newton
“Tact is the knack of making a point without making an enemy.” -Isaac Newton
“Truth is ever to be found in simplicity, and not in the multiplicity and confusion of things.” -Isaac Newton
“A man may imagine things that are false, but he can only understand things that are true, for if the things be false, the apprehension of them is not understanding.” -Isaac Newton
“To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction.” -Isaac Newton
“If I have done the public any service, it is due to my patient thought.” -Isaac Newton
“To myself I am only a child playing on the beach, while vast oceans of truth lie undiscovered before me.” -Isaac Newton
“Errors are not in the art but in the artificers.” -Isaac Newton
“Curious that we spend more time congratulating people who have succeeded than encouraging people who have not.” -Neil deGrasse Tyson
“We are part of this universe; we are in this universe, but perhaps more important than both of those facts, is that the universe is in us.” -Neil deGrasse Tyson
“Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.” -Stephen Hawking 
“Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.” -Stephen Hawking 
“We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special.” -Stephen Hawking 
“I’m not afraid of death, but I’m in no hurry to die. I have so much I want to do first.” -Stephen Hawking 
“We only have to look at ourselves to see how intelligent life might develop into something we wouldn’t want to meet.” -Stephen Hawking 
“Imagination is more important than knowledge.” -Albert Einstein
“The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.” -Albert 
“Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.” -Albert Einstein
“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.” -Albert Einstein
“No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it.” -Albert Einstein
“Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.” -Albert Einstein
“The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science.” -Albert Einstein
“I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious.” -Albert Einstein
“You must be the change you wish to see in the world.” -Mahatma Gandhi
“The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.” -Mahatma Gandhi
“Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.” -Mahatma Gandhi
“An eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind.” -Mahatma Gandhi
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow; learn as if you were to live forever.” -Mahatma Gandhi
“First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.” -Mahatma Gandhi
“You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.” -Mahatma Gandhi
“The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.” -Mahatma Gandhi
“Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.” -Mahatma Gandhi
“A man is but the product of his thoughts; what he thinks, he becomes.” -Mahatma Gandhi
“Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.” -Martin Luther King Jr.
“The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.” -Martin Luther King Jr.
“Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.” -Martin Luther King Jr.
“Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.” -Martin Luther King Jr.
“Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.” -Martin Luther King Jr.
“I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear.” -Martin Luther King Jr.
“Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?” -Martin Luther King Jr.
“The time is always right to do what is right.” -Martin Luther King Jr.
“We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.” -Martin Luther King Jr.
“Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.” -Nelson Mandela 
“I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.” -Nelson Mandela 
“It always seems impossible until it's done.” -Nelson Mandela 
“For to be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others.” -Nelson Mandela 
“After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.” -Nelson Mandela 
“A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.” -Nelson Mandela 
“There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.” -Nelson Mandela 
“The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.” -Nelson Mandela 
“There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.” -Nelson Mandela 
“If you want to make peace with your enemy, you have to work with your enemy. Then he becomes your partner.” -Nelson Mandela 
“Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is youer than you” - Dr. Seuess
“Do. Or do not. There is no try.” - Yoda
“Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.” - Dr. Seuess
“You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose. You're on your own, and you know what you know. And you are the guy who'll decide where to go.” - Dr. Seuess
“Only you can control your future.” - Dr. Seuess
